---
layout: post
title: Monthly Recap! August 8, 2016
excerpt: Scheduling makes the world go round.
---

Up until this point in my life, I've realized that I need to schedule my life a little bit more than I do. Obviously, it only makes sense to calculate out how much time you have for everything.
<!-- Figure out how to add memes / gifs -->

The big problem I have is that the one thing I hate being is consistent. Ruts suck and I have a huge fear of falling into one. So much in fact, that I can't seem to schedule anything past the first week every time I reboot my determination.

## Make this time different

In an effort to **adult** better, I'm making a list this week of all the activities and meetups that I'm planning on doing. Next Sunday I'll push myself to recollect what has happened the week before, and reassert what I already know to be true.

<!-- Seriously, I need to figure out memes / gifs -->

### Week of August 8, 2016

1.  **Finish up first project of the SWND**
	
	It's been almost a month since starting the first Nanodegree, and I've made a bunch of excuses for myself. My plan is to Monday-Thursday rig up the React components for the JSON push to Firebase. Once I can make sure that the elements are storing, I can start to stylize things with Bootstrap, and that'll be cake-ish. Plan is to push for review by Sunday Noon.

2.  **Exercise every day**

	Seriously. It's not that hard, but I do have to factor in sleep, or at least not enough sleep. Insufficient sleep does not a happy TIMJK make. 

3.  **Do exciting bucket list type things**

	I recently discovered that I really #&#@in love the ocean and that's why I've grown to love the Bay Area. Windsurfing at the Cal Sailing club last week was amazing fun and extremely tough. I will be back this weekend for sure to get a bigger sail and to finish the novice training that's necessary for things.

4.  **Read**

	Right now in my queue are 3-4 books at a time to keep my brain from getting spacey. Some people can handle more, some fewer. I can keep around 3 books straight before I put them all down. Right now they are:
		1.  Bullies
		2.  This & Closures -Kyle Simpson (really smart guy)
		3.  The Republic -Plato

If I can do this, so can you.

<!-- Another of the same meme -->
