---
layout: post
title: React Free Code Camp
excerpt: Speed run planning
---

Day 2 of writing every day. I feel good about a lazy Sunday, if only that the end of it was productive. A little Yoga to the People exercise and some planning of this week to help me get my mind wrapped around what I have to do.

# Monday
I plan to start driving for Lyft in the morning commutes. Hopefully, it'll yield as fruitful as it seems. I think problem no. 1 will be just getting up so frigging early. But hey, fresh start, fresh face. In the afternoon, I'll start building out the first project of a React-based speed run of the [FCC](freecodecamp.com) projects, starting with the tribute page (Mark Twain) and the layout for the personal portfolio. Tuesday will be rigging up the actual HTML. It's going to be pretty light on the actual React components, which is good because I'm not super well-verse yet. And then I also want to map out the first page of a creative project I've been thinking about for nigh on 3 years. It's about time to just get started on it.

# Tuesday

Big day for another Lyft drive. Yoga later that night. More work on the creative project.

# Wednesday

Lyft drivin' it up! Finish the porfolio project CSS, and move onto the random quote machine. More sleep this night because Thursday is going to be long. Need to make sure to charge the batteries for the event.

# Thursday

No lyfting so I can be prepared for the work event in SF. I'll be shooting video and photography again (WHOO!), so I need all my stuffs prepared

# Friday

Probably won't lyft in the morning. Finish the Quote project and move onto the local weather build. Finish that on Saturday, and move onto the Wiki viewer!

# Saturday

Lyft that night after finishing the quote machine, local weather, and rig up the Twitch API. Sunday to finish the Twitch.

Week planning done. I feel so accomplished already.