---
layout: post
title: 12.01.2018 Keeping busy is killing you.
excerpt: This year has started in a peculiar way for me.
---

This year has started in a peculiar way for me. I started it in a different country, with a different language and a different perspective. It was the first time in a long time that I couldn't stop smiling not solely because I was happy, but because I didn't have any internal pressure to keep myself busy. This retrospect is giving me a perspective as to why I've been so discontent with my career thus far.

## Keeping busy is killing you

I chose to be a front end engineer because of two reasons:

1.  I like a challenge.
2.  I like both design and logic building.

And it's suited my fancy fairly well in the amount of time that I've been building websites. From mockup eCommerce stores, to actual production builds, I've gained an immense amount of respect for everything that engineers and designers alike do. I love being able to mock up HTML quickly and have it render on a page at the same level that I love building API's and improving the performance of a how a page loads and for which browser.

One thing that I've had to face in this transition from designer to developer is the mountainous, insurmountable amount of data revolving around all things web. I started with Udacity among other online learning platforms when I was just getting started, and it can be disheartening to realize how much you still don't know. Udacity provides a checklist of all the things that you should know before you're ready for your first developer job, and [honestly, the list is still daunting for me.](http://1onjea25cyhx3uvxgs4vu325-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/UdacityUltimateSkillsChecklistforYourFirstFrontEndDeveloperJob.pdf)

This isn't to say that I don't feel comfortable in many aspects of the checklist. I know my around HTML5 semantics, and I've felt more at ease in CSS and plain JavaScript than I have anywhere else. But it's hard to take a step back and realize that not everyone knows all of this down pat. I look online on Reddit and Stack Overflow at questions and it makes me queasy sometimes. I've spent possibly hundreds of hours watching tutorials and trying to read documentation only to realize that I still don't know enough to conquer my fears of a lack of knowledge.

But looking back on New Year's Eve, I do realize that it doesn't matter how much I do or don't know. It doesn't matter how much I can learn in a single week, or how much I can code before collapsing. It's not a test of knowledge. It's not a test of memorizing algorithms. 

It's about how much I enjoy learning about computers and how they work. It's about why I learned coding in the first place. It's about the Internet still being a free place to learn something new. And I love that.

So rather than worrying about keeping ahead of all the different trends and new Javascript frameworks, I'm not going to keep busy. I'm going to learn. I'm going to study when I can and sleep when I must. I'm devoting 2018 to enjoying my profession.

At my own contented pace. 