---
layout: post
title: No one likes Blogs
excerpt: So why am I subjecting myself to one?
---


I don't get it. I've tried writing in a blog. Multiple times. It's almost become clockwork where if I haven't thought about putting words on the internet in the last 6 weeks, I start to build a blog from scratch and then never finish it. I become consumed in the process of tweaking color schemes and placement of social media buttons and the best possible SEO for a blog just starting outside of Medium, and I jump headfirst down the whole rabbit hole. And it begins to start to feel like more than work and I start contemplating why on earth I even decided to rebuild the dumb thing **AGAIN**, knowing that I would **AGAIN** not want to put in the actual effort of building out a design I didn't hate to write about things I didn't understand completely. **AGAIN**.

### If at first you don't succeed...

This time feels different (**again**). This time, it has becoming very apparent to me that my primary "Why?" has become muddy. I still like what I do, and I think the work is interesting. I love my coworkers, and my workload is manageable. But I feel like I've been set adrift. I'm not off-course per se, but I feel less guided and more in open waters. I understand enough to get what I need done day-in and day-out, but I haven't comprehended fully WHY I do what I do.

The other part that becomes apparent is that I trick myself into thinking that I don't have time to understand completely. I still have deadlines, and I still need to deliver on all things on schedule, and if possible ahead of time. I lull myself into believing, at least in the moment, that I will come back to these topics. I'll learn completely about Google Analytics and sit through work of all those free videos on the whole suite, or even sit through more than just the fundamentals of whatever technology I'm trying to charge myself with learning. I think I'll start tomorrow, bright and early at 6am before work and get a few hours of work done. I'll have freshly squeezed juice after my 5k run and leave the house with a smile on my face. However...

### Future Me ≠ Present Me

I am so emphatically optimistic about my future self that I consider even making the plans to more comprehensively understand the Web that I qualify that as a job well done. And it's becoming a bad habit.

The good new is that I have recognized this as a bad habit forming and want to squash the bug. The goal then becomes clear: **I need to write about what and how and why I'm learning what I'm learning in order to become a more complete web engineer**. 

I want an outlet to explain how I'm learning what I'm learning, from what tutorials, and maybe even showcase an actual real-life finished project at one point.

### A roadmap in progress

I just want to write, be it about technology or just the week I'm having. But there is also the interest in the concept of the "What next?" aspect. What do you do after you've been a developer for 5 years? 10 years? What does my career look like in 2029? Just like everyone else, I'm ironing out details. In the meantime, you get an inside peak at a work in progress.