---
layout: post
title: Switch it up. Android for Senior Web
excerpt: Re-focus on what I like and know. Or at least understand.
---

The adage is that a writer should stick to what he knows, but when you're writing code, that adage doesn't hold much weight. The way JavaScript is written tends to make it modular which means that there's always more to learn in terms of frameworks or other parts that need deep dives (I'm looking at you, promises).

The problem becomes when I still don't quite understand all of what anything the Javascript books are telling me. Interviews at least get me excited about some of the shit that I have to do. It's one thing to study everything under the sun, but it's when you get to apply everything learned in a development environment that you really take off and become something more than what you set out to accomplish.

## The importance of schedule cannot be overestimated

A big problem with learning Web Development is that I like to learn as much as possible but I don't build a schedule to learn or develop efficiently. I'm one of those people that absolutely *cannot* get a thing done at home unless it's 2 in the morning, so what I've started doing is building a routine:

1.  Get up and get some sort of exercise (Art of Manliness just turned me onto some form of [bodyweight insanity](http://www.artofmanliness.com/2016/07/19/the-herschel-walker-workout/) that Herschel Walker has put himself through for the last 30+ years. Considering the dude could still run a 4.35 40 meter dash in his 40's and *started* fighting MMA in his 50's, he might know something about putting together a customized workout
2.  Get to work somewhere. Everyday.
3.  Go to sleep on time

There are multiple studies telling pretty much everyone that they need to sleep, and I begrudgingly admit the last one is my boulder to push uphill. I've always hated sleeping as I consider it a waste of conscious hours, but it is a necessity.



