---
layout: post
title: Always be Coding is really easy to forget
excerpt: Even the smallest bit helps
---

## It's been a while

since I've made an update. It's mostly because I've been incognito working on some design freelance work for a few friends. I know that I should always be coding but it's definitely more difficult when coding is paying me bupkus in the Bay Area **(I am available for hire)**. Seriously, it's becoming really difficult to lose hope that I'll ever be a junior dev. I might just skip that step and go right into the belly of the beast.

## A change of pace

I think I need to realize what I've been doing hasn't been helpful. [There's a really good post about the experimentation process of making yourself valuable to companies and simple exercises to get the smallest of balls rolling. ](https://placehold.it/400x400) At this point, I'm definitely focusing more on building more for myself and to showcase than I am hunting for jobs. I just wrapped a [project](https://timjkstrickland.com/react-redux) that features both react and redux in a very cool way. I watched the videos probably 5 times each to better understand exactly what Antonin was doing, but it helped that he debugged onscreen. Anything helps to understand this React malarkey.

## React is not malarkey

That being said, the learning curve on this library is not exactly like writing your first Node server. It requires a slew of dependencies and if you're smart, you'll start using the ES6 markup to help yourself get used to the new language (style? dialect?).

All of this practice helps me to become a React developer and actually know how to change UI elements in a really cool way.

### Stay tuned